Update the equivalence table including the new syscheck fields (#3164)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/api/equivalence.rst

+=====================================+========================================+===================================================================================================================+======================================================================================+
| Clear syscheck database of an agent | ``DELETE /syscheck/{agent_id}``        | :api-ref:`DELETE /syscheck/{agent_id} <operation/api.controllers.syscheck_controller.delete_syscheck_agent>`      | No changes.                                                                          |
+-------------------------------------+----------------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> |                                     |                                        |                                                                                                                   | New fields ``arch``, ``value.key`` and ``value.name`` returned.                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                                     |                                        |                                                                                                                   | New filters ``arch``, ``value.key`` and ``value.name`` for the new response values.                      |
```
